Update CA1303 details (#22073)
dotnet/docs: docs/fundamentals/code-analysis/quality-rules/ca1303.md

## When to suppress warnings

It is safe to suppress a warning from this rule if the code library will not be localized or if the string is not exposed to the end user or a developer using the code library.
It's safe to suppress a warning from this rule if either of the following statements applies:

> Users can eliminate noise against methods that should not be passed localized strings by either renaming the parameter or property, or by marking these items as conditional.

Author: Not sure what "mark these items as conditional" means, so I removed it.

> You can eliminate noise against methods that shouldn't be passed localized strings in one of the following ways:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## How to suppress warnings

You can eliminate unnecessary warnings for methods that don't require localized strings in the following ways:
```

Author: I used the wording you suggested for the intro, but wanted to change the heading since it's not really suppressing warnings, it's actually "fixing" the code so they don't generate warnings.

> You can eliminate noise against methods that shouldn't be passed localized strings in one of the following ways:

Author: ```suggestion
## Eliminate unnecessary warnings

For methods that don't require localized strings, you can eliminate unnecessary CA1303 warnings in the following ways:
```
